In this work, I developed an automated centroid moment tensor inversion code. The input parameters include the target area, list of stations, and the time frame of interest. After the input parameters are established, the code works in three steps; Initial grid search, a reiteration of the results with a more refined grid space to check the consistency of results, and the final step are to match-filter the detected event. 

Initial Grid Search:
The first section of the code divides our target area into grid points based on the grid-spacing value given in the input parameters. We start with an initial spacing of 0.1 degrees both in latitude and longitude and broadband stations’ list. Next, we compute the centroid moment tensor inversion solution for every combination of stations on each grid point. The stations’ are chosen preferably such that it is in all four quadrants; however, if the station distribution is not good, it will select the next closest station. After the CMTI solution has been computed for every grid point with every possible station combination, the code compiles the best results with a potential event and then prepares for the following code step.

Reiterated Solution of Potential Events:
The best potential events are then selected, and their solution is recalculated using a refined grid with the same stations. Finally, the two solutions are compared, and if the events’ time, location, and focal mechanism are consistent, the event passes as a valid detection. The potential solutions are selected based on specific values, including variance reduction and CLVD. Thus, all possible events will have a positive VR and CLVD, and their VR will always be greater than CLVD. These same criteria are enforced in the reiteration step to flag out events that might have passed the first stage. Finally, each event is used in match filtering to find repeats in the next step. 

Match Filtering: 
We use each detected VLFE event as a template to perform cross-correlation type matched filtered analysis applying a fast algorithm known as Super-Efficient Cross-correlation (SEC-C; Senobari et al., 2019). Each template event consists of 3 channel broadband data in the best moment tensor inversion solution. Each template is compared to continuous waveform data from the same respective stations and channels as the template event with a sliding time window. Time windows with values above a determined threshold value are cataloged as VLFEs. The threshold for a positive detection using noise templates must be done separately since the background noise would vary from region to region. Once the event passes through all the criteria, a catalog of events is created and reported to the user as a valid detection.
